I have a lot of green surrounding me
right here and we were just in
conversation you are not Canadian is
that correct yeah it's correct I'm from
Scotland but no but I am I have a little
bit Canadian in me I'm a mixture I was
born in Scotland lovely tell us eight
and then I moved to Canada that they
tell us 14 in other than California so I
mean I got more scholar than Canadian
but I still do have a little bit
Canadian in me for sure okay so when you
say I'm not Canadian you're kind of
lying
are you like you're like not like legit
Canadian like I'm not Canadian blood I'm
Scottish but and that's it so that's
just you said it clear but I reached the
nations this year for Scotland and the
year before I did it for Canada so I
don't really have I'm racing oh wait I
don't know what I'm racing yet but this
season you don't know you don't know
it's passing all about class and racing
yet but I don't have too many Canadian
fans because of that so because of that
yeah because I rode for a team Great
Britain the state of Canada when I wrote
Canada a year before so that's my story
that's my life story pretty much so the
Canadians they're not fans of you they
used to be no anymore though is that why
you're like I'm not Canadian no it's
just the truth and that's why I think
they don't like me anymore but I mean I
did say I'm somewhat like Canadian right
yeah I'm saying I think this is the best
interview I've ever done good I'm glad
I'm glad like we're just sharing
memories for a lifetime so you've now
been a part of the Kawasaki family for
two years what is your advice to your
new teammates it is their first year on
Kawasaki actually I would love for you
to take over the mic and interview yeah
I will all right all right
all right well I'm not like the best at
the whole interview thing so rocky
doesn't need too much advice he's really
fast I think he's like 2 seconds a lot
faster than me the test track so he
doesn't need any advice it's Blake Blake
reps it but he's been in Florida
training he's been getting this physical
training on so something that I haven't
done I just go to Dunkin Donuts every
day so let's get this thing started when
we don't know what coach duration
obviously so what let's tell something
that the fans out there something that
you know they wouldn't know about you
there's not really much I mean all I do
is this right here race dirt bikes race
Supercross I mean every other Supercross
it every other supercars there are great
Supercross go to the gym that's all I
did come on what do you do other than
bench 350 honestly I started playing
video games a lot here recently
what's your game called day yeah I
called it because I don't even play
video games but that's what all these
game they're it's playing I'm sorry but
I've gotten like I don't know it's weird
like all I think about when I come home
is get on that video game when
everything said it done with it's good
to like break it up though Casey refresh
for sure
what are you like what's your what's
something that keeps you away from your
dirt bike actually I just bought call of
duty last night wrong with these guys
man well I don't really play video games
but for Xbox my mom got me like this
like karaoke game so I've been tearing
up the microphone on with the karaoke
yeah usually like if there's lurks on
the screen right now it's sing to you
but there's not but anyways so we got
Xbox Call of Duty called a doughnuts
around you know Dunkin Donuts yeah well
you're supposed to be training in
Florida I'm doing the Dunkin Donuts
that's my job
all right well that's our new teammates
we got brought employee the two bees oh
sorry
what class radiation lights class well
class but
sorry I just you they don't know that
yet those you're out of a job
I think so but you know what if if for
some reason if for some reason the bike
thing doesn't work out I think you might
have a new job yeah I don't know I mean
I'll be honest like sometimes when I
have the mic in my hand I'll freeze up
but I didn't freeze up that time but are
you sure that happens to you it happens
like the main just doesn't function well
and it's like doesn't know what to say
but I think I think I couldn't pull off
yeah yeah absolutely let's give your
teammates that you're making me just I
know my mind it's my looks you get
you're getting flustered I kind of throw
the microphone around like it's a I
can't see that word so anyways here all
right first question is Brock do you
need somebody to bring your bike to the
track because recently I showed up to
the track and somebody forgot his
motorcycle and we were all the way in
Vegas can you please explain yeah so
driving to Vegas to gotten to Baker met
the mechanics at Denny's walked inside
there like hey Brock where's your bike
I'm like um I thought I you guys were
bringing the test bike and they're like
no you were supposed to bring your bike
so I just like I was freaking out for a
minute I was like you guys are joking
right so drove to the track got to Vegas
and then I had somebody drive the bike
out for me so it ended up being a day of
sitting around and watching everybody
else ride and have a good time and I
rode later in the day when the track was
blown out so I learned from that but uh
yeah didn't have a bike for the day
until later in the afternoon I had to
watch these guys ride and rip it up he
didn't ride until I was already leaving
the track looked like this concrete that
we're standing on but it was fun to
hassle him all day about it Dean Brock
Blake everyone wants to know which class
are you right
in this year yeah I'm resting the lights
class but talk to Mitch and I think he
says north coast so we'll see we'll see
see how that goes the north coast okay
actually I'm signed up for the south so
we'll see how that goes south I'm going
to central that's where I'm at that's
where I'm staying I wouldn't have to go
anywhere there you have it